Add mixin for Harbor (#1018)
grafana/jsonnet-libs: harbor-mixin/README.md

# Harbor Mixin

The Harbor mixin is a set of configurable Grafana dashboards and alerts.

The Harbor mixin contains the following dashboards:

- Harbor

and the following alerts:

- HarborComponentStatus
- HarborProjectQuataExceeded
- HarborHighErrorRate

## Harbor Dashboard Overview

> Harbor dashbaord provides details on the overall status of the Harbor repository including the details about each project and artifcats. The dashboard includes visualizations for Harbor's Components metrics, along with key visualiozation like number of project, images, pulled images etc. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Harbor dashboard provides details on the overall status of the Harbor repository including the details about each project and artifacts. The dashboard includes visualizations for Harbor's Components metrics, along with key visualization like number of project, images, pulled images etc. 
```
